docs: add source compilation instructions (#36)
witnet/documentation: docs/try/from-source.md

# Running `witnet-rust` from source code

## Install compilation dependencies

### Rust 

> `witnet-rust` is developed using Rust programming language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`witnet-rust` is developed using the Rust programming language.
```

> You need to have it installed on your system to be able to compile the source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to install Rust on your system to be able to compile the source code.
```

Reviewer: "have it installed" also means ["ask or instruct someone to install it for you"](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/grammar/british-grammar/have-something-done) :wink:

Author: fixed! thanks

Follow installation instructions for your operating system provided on [rustup.rs][rustup]

### Compilation dependencies

```console tab="GNU/Linux (apt)"
apt install -y clang git libssl-dev protobuf-compiler librocksdb-dev
```

```console tab="macOS"
xcode-select --install

brew install git openssl protobuf rocksdb
```

## Clone source code from Witnet GitHub repository

```console tab="HTTPS"
git clone https://github.com/witnet/witnet-rust.git
cd witnet-rust
```

## Get latest genesis_block.json

```console

> curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/witnet/genesis_block/master/testnet_0.7.1_genesis_block.json -o genesis_block.json

Reviewer: This other URL will always point to the latest version so that we don't need to update the documentation every time we change the genesis block:
```suggestion
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/witnet/genesis_block/master/latest/genesis_block.json -o genesis_block.json
```

Author: :+1:
